# Install with Docker Compose (Default)

Using Docker Compose is the recommended installation method. This projects depends on various other containers, requires networking between containers and shared volumes between.

You can use the example docker-compose.yml file as a base. All containers are required.

## Auto3T - the main application

The main application is in the Auto3T container. 

### User Permissions

The application is expected to be run under your regular user. That is crucial, so the resulting files are also owned by your user. You can achieve that by specifying the user and group IDs in the compose file like so: `user: 1000:1000`. If you don't know, you can get your ID by simply running `id` in a terminal.

### Networking

The container needs internal communication between Redis, Prowlarr, Jellyfin and Transmission. So make sure they share a network and are reachable. Also make sure you don't have any port conflicts, you shouldn't by default.

### Volumes

Make sure the user you are running the application under is allowed to read and write to all volumes defined here. You might have to chown the folder on your system before starting the application for the first time.

- Main application data like the sqlite DB, artwork and more is stored in `/data`. 
- Mount the transmission completed download folder at `/downloads`.
- Use the `/media` folder for your archived media files. If you want to, you can defined multiple volumes for that, e.g. `/media/movie` and `/media/tv`. 

Also see > Settings > Archive Options.

## Redis

Redis serves as a queue handler and cache. Redis doesn't store any persistent data.

## Prowlarr

This excellent project allows API access to your favourite indexers. For more details and additional installation options refere to the official docs [here](https://prowlarr.com/).

### Configure Prowlarr

Add your indexes of choice. Make sure you cover TV and Movies. Some indexes might require FlareSolverr to be configured.

Some indexer options allow to configure the Download link format. Make sure you select "magnet" there including for the fallback, if available. This ensures Prowlarr returns the magnet link instead of the torrent link.

## Jellyfin

Unfortunatly only up to version 10.10.7 is supported. The tvmaze plugin is currently broken under Jellyfin 10.11.x, the bug is tracked [here](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-plugin-tvmaze/issues/57).

### Plugins

Auto3T requires the following plugins to be installed and configured in Jellyfin.

- TVMaze: Indentifies TV shows and populates the tvmazeid. Required for matching with the ID from Auto3T. If you have an existing archive, make sure you activate the plugin first. If you want to start tracking an existing show in Auto3T make sure the tvmaze ID is populated in Jellyfin, so the status can be matched.
- TMDb: This identifies your movies with the movie DB. 
- TMDb Box Sets: Provide box set info, aka Collections.

### Volumes

Make sure the media volumes are shared with the media volumes from Auto3T. 


## Transmission

That is the download client. It's recommended to configure a download folder and a separate folder for the completed download. Mount the same volume into the Auto3T container.

### User permissions

The Auto3T user needs to be able to access the files generated by the download client. Make sure the files are owned by the same user, or configure the permissions accordingly. If you are using the image from linuxserver you can achieve that by setting `PUID` and `PGID` env vars.
